Houston has long been known as the energy capital of America, if not the world, but tech has been slowly grinding its way to prominence here, with over 230,000 of the metro area’s 7.9 million residents employed in the tech sector. That, of course, only tells part of the story: Techies wind up here to market technology services to companies in the city’s bustling oil and gas, health care, and logistics sectors. You may also come to attend a trade show at the sprawling George R. Brown Convention Center. Or find yourself passing through as part of a layover at the massive George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH), a virtually mandatory stop for trips to Central and South America.

Countless travelers’ sole experience with Houston is marked by transit through IAH, and it’s hard to blame folks for not wanting to venture further afield into the fourth-largest city in the country. Houston is massive, not just in population but in its sweaty, geographic sprawl, making it all but impossible to truly understand the place as a whole in a limited amount of time. (The city’s lackadaisical approach to zoning has never helped.) Here, the humidity and traffic are reviled by locals in equal proportions, and given that there’s no public transportation worth mentioning, a drive across town can easily take an hour. It’s easy to dismiss the place entirely.

That would be a huge mistake, though, if for no other reason than the dining scene. Houston is one of the most diverse cities in the US. Combined with its size, that means every type of cuisine you can imagine is available here–and it’s usually outstanding. Per Houston’s travel board, you’ve got about 13,000 restaurants to choose from, representing the food of 70 countries and regions. So if business has brought you to Space City, know that at the very least, you’re going to eat well. Think of the heat as helping you to burn off some of those calories.

Here’s where to eat, stay, work, and more.

## Where to Stay in Houston

Let’s be frank: Where you stay in the megalopolis depends in large part on where you have to be the next day. These options are some of the top business travel outposts, and most are centrally located, so you won’t need to drive or Uber across town to get to your meeting.

*1600 W Loop S,* (844) 386-1600

This hotel is a widely loved indie gem owned by Tilman J. Fertitta, who owns hundreds of hotels and restaurants in this corner of the world (plus the Houston Rockets NBA team). Situated near the Galleria (once the largest shopping mall in the country and still bustling), the property is luxurious without being pretentious, including an on-site spa and salon and meeting spaces of every size. Rooms even come equipped with dumbbells so you can get in some curls between emails.

*1777 Walker St.,* (713) 654-1777

Adjacent to the George R. Brown Convention Center downtown, the Marriott Marquis has another 100,000 square feet of meeting space of its own, including Houston’s largest ballroom. Often mentioned as the top hotel in town, it caters to business travelers and pleasure seekers alike, famously featuring the world’s largest Texas-shaped lazy river on its roof. If you don’t think that’s something anyone would brag about then you haven’t spent enough time in the state.

*1100 Texas Ave.,* (713) 221-0011

A more affordable lodging option located in what was formerly Shell Oil’s headquarters, this refurbished downtown hotel offers quick access to the convention center and Daikin Park, which the Astros call home. You may not be able to paddle around in the rooftop plunge pool like you would at the Marquis, but a quick, cooling dip at the end of the day will not disappoint, nor will the free cookies at bedtime.

*4110 Loretto Dr.,* (832) 844-0057

This new, midcentury-inspired gem can be found in the Montrose neighborhood, a block away from the Menil Collection, arguably the best and most eclectic museum in town. The boutique property includes just 71 rooms and is designed to fit in with its surroundings, which are largely residential and very subdued in comparison to the more raucous downtown. Despite its small size, it still has room for a small event space, private pool, and a slick lobby lounge.

*111 N Post Oak Ln.,* (713) 680-2626

The Houstonian occupies a massive 27 acres in Houston’s West Oaks district, just outside the Loop. Despite its central location, the hotel offers a level of seclusion you won’t find anywhere else in town. It’s probably why George H. W. Bush used the hotel as his official residence for years in the 1980s and spent time here for decades after. The 125,000-square-foot spa is also the largest in the state.

*2222 W Loop S,* (713) 627-7600

Another Galleria-area hotel, this is an all-around good option for business travelers who need executive-focused amenities like 24-hour business and fitness center access, shuttle service, and meeting and event space (all 50,000 square feet of it). With 485 guest rooms on its 23 floors, there’s probably space for your whole organization to find a berth for the week.

## Where to Work

Houston has hundreds of coworking spaces, so chances are you’ll be able to find something close to where you’re staying. As with most things in this city, travel time is an essential consideration. These picks may be some of the best options in town, but no sane Houstonian would recommend you spend an hour in traffic to get to one of them if another solid option is closer.

*401 Franklin St.,* (713) 999-2550

Named for the former post office that used to occupy this Museum District space (it was a railroad depot before that), POST was redeveloped in 2019 as a cultural center that includes food-hall-style dining, an art museum, a concert hall, and a rooftop garden. It’s also got loads of workspace options ranging from single desks to full offices, with day passes starting at $25.

*4201 Main St.*

Rice University helped to develop the Ion District, which occupies 16 acres in Midtown and serves 