Amazon Prime Day has come and gone, and many of the deals we saw through the week have ended. But if you're late to the game, you're not completely out of luck. Plenty of our favorite deals are still around, and you'll notice that while some Amazon prices have reverted back, some other retailers are offering deal prices throughout the weekend.

And just as a reminder: We don't recommend products that haven't personally used ourselves. The WIRED Reviews team tests products all year round to ensure we can vouch for the deals we suggest.

*Updated Saturday, June 26, 2PM ET: As our final update, we've removed lots of expired deals and updated prices throughout.*

*Contributors: Louryn Strampe, Simon Hill, Nena Farrell, Martin Cizmar, Kat Merck, Matthew Korfhage, Molly Higgins, Luke Larsen*, *Scott Gilbertson*, *Boutayna Chokrane*

- **The best home camera deal**: Google Nest Cam for $70 ($30 off)
- **The best kitchen deal**: Ninja Crispi for $170 ($50 off)
- **The best headphone deal:**Sony WH-1000XM6 for $378 ($82 off)
- **The best espresso deal**: De'Longhi Espresso Machine for $649 ($351 off)
- **The best laptop deal:**Microsoft Surface Laptop for $984 ($516 off)
- **The best TV deal**: LG C5 for $1,100 ($297 off)

## Best Tech Deals

One of the best budget wireless chargers is even more affordable thanks to Prime Day. You can buy fancier, faster wireless chargers, but if you just want a simple option that’ll top off your phone, this is worth checking out. It’s also a good option for placing around your home, like in the kitchen or living room. It can deliver up to 10 watts, though you’ll need to supply your own wall adapter. —*Louryn Strampe*

This remains one of my favorite Windows laptops, and I'm ecstatic that it's gotten a decent price drop for Prime Day. It's certainly the most compelling alternative to the MacBook Air, I still think the screen is incredibly unique, with its taller 3:2 aspect ratio. Once you see it in person, you’ll notice the difference right away. With more vertical screen space, you see more lines of spreadsheets, more content of websites, and more space on your canvas as a creator. A new version just got announced with a more powerful Snapdragon X2 chip inside, but it’s quite a bit more expensive.*—Luke Larsen*

Who knew a monitor this cheap could be this good? I discovered this one when I went on the hunt to find the very best 1080p monitor for your home office for under $200, and the Dell 27 Plus was the clear winner. Standard resolution aside, this monitor comes with solid colors and a silky smooth 144-Hz refresh rate. It also means that it can double as a half-decent gaming monitor when it needs to.*—Luke Larsen*

This is my favorite color e-reader. The Kobo Libra Colour can do everything a Kindle Colorsoft can, but also has page-turner buttons and is compatible with Kobo’s Stylus 2 to have it double as a digital notebook. It used to be cheaper than the Colorsoft, but Kobo’s recent price increase made it a little pricier, which is why I’d buy it right now on sale if you want one. *—Nena Farrell*

The Wi-Fi 7 Netgear Orbi 770 Series is my current pick of the best mesh Wi-Fi systems for most households. This tri-band mesh (2.4-, 5-, and 6-GHz) offers simple setup, delivers stable and speedy internet connectivity, and boasts expansive coverage. The stylish tower design is unobtrusive, the internal antennas ensure your whole home gets online, and you get the key benefits of Wi-Fi 7, including MLO (Multi-Link Operation) to enable Wi-Fi 7 devices to connect on multiple bands simultaneously. *—Simon Hill*

USB hubs are all pretty much the same. But the Satech Dual USB-C Docking Station has a trick up its sleeve. In addition to the plethora of ports it provides, the portable hub also comes with a built-in housing for an SSD. The storage is sold separately, but I love the idea of this device killing two birds with one stone for your work on the go.*—Luke Larsen*

The best portable power stations offer the freedom to go off-grid and keep your gadgets powered, and the Solix C1000 is my small pick. It has molded handles for easy carrying, weighs just shy of 30 pounds, and sports a handy display on the front. It boasts a 1,024-watt-hour capacity, can fast-charge smartphones, and has no trouble with small appliances. It can also serve as an uninterruptible power supply with a 10-millisecond delay. *—Simon Hill*

As popular as mechanical keyboards are, you might want something a bit quieter and more compact. That’s where the Logitech MX Keys S fits in wonderfully. This full-sized keyboard shares a lot in common with the full sized Apple Magic Keyboard, except that this has backlit keys and is fully platform-agnostic. It can even pair up to three devices simultaneously, if that’s your jam.*—Luke Larsen*

The Q6 HE is our pick for the best overall mechanical keyboard because of how well-rounded it is. You can’t go wrong with any of the Q series Keychron keyboard, but this one really has it all, whether that’s the full-sized layout, the Hall Effect switches, or the full-metal case. If you want to nerd out, the switches are hot-swappable, but this one’s also perfect for the set-and-forget crowd.*—Luke Larsen*

*Jump to Section:* Best Tech Deals, Best Apple and Apple Accessory Deals, Best AV Deals, Best Home & Kitchen Deals, Best Beauty & Wellness Deals, Best Mobile & Wearable Deals

## Best Apple and Apple Accessory Deals

The Series 11 is the best smartwatch for iPhone users. Its most significant improvement is the 24-hour battery life, which makes it now suitable for sleep tracking. Other notable features include FDA-cleared hypertension notifications and Apple’s proprietary Sleep Score; plus, blood oxygen sensing is back. —*Boutayna Chokrane*

Amazon doesn't claim it's on sale. But in light of Apple's price hikes, this iPad is certainly one of the best Apple deals available right now. Amazon has always sold the base iPad, which was refreshed last in early 2025, at around $2