When my wife and I bought our first ebike—a Radwagon 4 by the Seattle-based Rad Power Bikes—four years ago, we did so to replace one of our two family cars. For in-town trips of 5 miles or less, we figured we could (and should!) use the bicycle. At the time, our kids were very young, so we needed a bike capable of safely carting them around and also handling whatever we were hauling on a given day.

The Radwagon answered those needs; the direct-to-consumer company allowed me to configure the bike to suit my exact needs during the ordering process. I selected a front basket, a rear pad seat for my son, and a Thule Yepp 2 Maxi seat to secure my then-toddler daughter. I also bought a few safety lights and a bell from my local bike shop (more on those accessories below).

Once the bike arrived and was assembled, my wife and I used it to tote our kids all over town. We rode to and from school and daycare, playdates, and doctor’s appointments; made quick grocery runs; and went anywhere else we needed to go that was relatively close to home.

On any given day, the front basket continues to function as a cornucopia holding whatever we might need for the task or errand at hand. On a recent trip to a nearby playground, my ebike’s basket held the following: a small soccer ball, my wife’s small shoulder bag, my bike lock and cable, two bottles of water (in addition to a third bottle of water in the bike’s bottle cage), three baseball caps, two baseball gloves, one baseball, a small tin lunch box full of snacks, and two binders full of Pokémon trading cards. The basket has also successfully transported two large grocery bags or three smaller ones, and, on one occasion, a small guitar amp I found at our local thrift store.

The bike is still useful and functional, but my family’s needs have changed since we bought it. My now-4-year-old daughter is too big to fit in her Yepp seat, and my now-8-year-old son is a bit too self-conscious to be seen on the back of his dad’s big ebike. (Not to mention, he’s now strong enough to ride all over town on his own bike.)

With my kids outgrowing the beloved family ebike, I’ve been thinking about its next iteration as a serious cargo schlepper—a Grocery Getter, if you will—and how I can set it up to haul as much stuff as possible. Ebikes now make up a huge category, serving mountain bikers and commuters, folding and cruising to fit various needs. There are strategic ways to maximize your ebike’s capabilities for each of those purposes, but here I’m going to stick to outlining the two I know best: carting a family (the Family Wagon) and hauling lots of stuff (the Grocery Getter).

## The Family Wagon

If you use your ebike to transport your kids, you’ll want comfortable, safe, and age-appropriate seating for them.

These days, most family-style ebikes—which put the focus on extra seating for kids as opposed to an ability to haul a ton of stuff—feature seating behind the primary rider (Rad, Aventon, Lectric), so it’s just a matter of finding the right configuration for your family. Front-loaded family haulers are available, such as Urban Arrow’s FamilyNext, but this setup is much less common.

With just about all of those aforementioned brands, you can configure your bike to suit your family’s exact needs. That might look like a padded rear seat plus an additional traditional child’s bike seat—much like I created for my son and toddler daughter on my family Radwagon. It could mean one long padded seat. It could be two Thule Yepp–style child seats. Whatever your preference, make sure the bike you’re eyeing can accommodate it.

For safety’s sake, I made sure to outfit my bike with a steel cage that Rad calls the Caboose, which wrapped around both of their seats. I also made sure the bike had runner boards so my son’s then-little legs weren’t dangling off the sides, or worse, his laces getting caught in the spokes of the rear wheel.

And while I have yet to replace my kids’ seats with cargo bags, there are several brands that make smaller panniers meant to fasten beneath your kids’ runner boards or footrests, giving you even more storage options. For example, Lectric, which seems to dominate the ebike accessory game (it has a surfboard add-on and fishing-rod holders), allows you to build a bike that has both seating for your kids and large pannier options, offering a hybrid Family Wagon/Grocery Getter. Some brands, such as Rad Power Bikes, even offer weatherproof covers for your kids. To increase cargo loads on your Family Wagon, you can also add frame bags and handlebar bags.

## The Grocery Getter

The big thing that separates the Family Wagon from the Grocery Getter is storage, as most ebikes make you choose between added seats or added cargo space.

With that in mind, the most important accessory for any object-hauling bike is a good set of panniers. And while the aforementioned Lectric bags are made to pair with rear seating, most ebike brands offer one or the other. So if you’re looking for an ebike to replace your trips to the local shops, you’re going to need sufficient storage.

Popular ebike brand Aventon offers several options for cargo storage. The best I’ve seen from the brand is the absolutely massive Abound Pannier Set, which can hold nearly 90 pounds of cargo (44 pounds per pannier). I recently watched in awe as a local friend of mine fit a week’s worth of groceries for her family of four into her Abound Pannier set, evenly distributing the haul between the two sides. Especially if you’re hauling a heavy load, it’s best to balance the weight evenly over both sides of the bike for safety and balance while you roll.

It should also be noted that not every ebike brand is compatible with just any set of panniers. Read each accessory’s description and consider this while deciding which bags to buy. When in doubt, stick with your bike brand’s proprietary accessories.

For those in rainy regions, waterproof cargo bags may be of interest, as they offer more prote