Kai Wright is the co-host of *Stateside with Kai and Carter* over at the Guardian. But Wright has been bringing his unique insights to listeners for years. He’s also hosted *Notes From America*, *The United States of Anxiety*, and *Indivisible*. He’s a Peabody Award-winning journalist who has profiled powerful men, explored what it means to be American, and chronicled the AIDS epidemic.

# The Guardian’s Kai Wright refuses to buy a new phone

But he’s quite happy gardening and listening to John Coltrane.

# The Guardian’s Kai Wright refuses to buy a new phone

But he’s quite happy gardening and listening to John Coltrane.

When he’s not diving deep on sex, race, and politics, he’s gardening, listening to John Coltrane, and steadfastly refusing to buy a new phone. Wright was kind enough to give us a glimpse into his daily routine, how he unwinds, and offer some simple but powerful advice.

**What is your most indispensable tool?**

A wine key.

**Which is the most underappreciated?**

Wheelbarrow. Seriously, though. Haul around enough dirt and rocks, and you will come to appreciate the brilliant utility of this basic design.

**What is one thing you wish you could change about your phone?**

I wish I could have bought one smartphone and never ever had to buy another one again, forever. Why must it constantly go obsolete? (Of course, I haven’t actually bought a new phone in I dunno how many years; I just take my partner’s hand-me-downs. So I’m complaining on cranky principle.)

**How many tabs do you have open right now?**

In the window I’m using right this moment, I have 10 tabs open. Yes, this is quite a reasonable number, thank you. I do have 11 more windows open, however, and cannot bring myself to account for what’s in them.

**Which was the most disappointing gadget you’ve ever owned?**

I won’t name brands, but I promise you can make a coffee machine too complicated. I’m trying to get caffeinated so I can become a functioning human. I don’t want an engineering challenge.

**What is one thing you wish you had created?**

I wish I had thought of The Memory Palace - which is still, to me, podcasting at its best. Short, sweet, deeply human histories of our world. One person, telling you a well-written story.

**What creation are you most proud of?**

Can I say my whole, entire garden? It’s an exercise in constantly learning and applying the knowledge and trying again, and I hear from veteran gardeners that you never actually figure it out. Perfect.

**What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?**

Live an honest life. Meaning, try your best to tell *yourself* the truth, and make choices accordingly.

**What do you do when you’re feeling stuck?**

Listen to John Coltrane records.

**What’s the last piece of physical media you bought?**

A book about gardening.

**What would the tagline for your biopic be?**

“What had happened was…”

**What’s the last GIF or meme you used?**

**Follow topics and authors**from this story to see more like this in your personalized homepage feed and to receive email updates.