<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>Hello everyone! As always, I'd like to thank you for all you votes and comments on my last post about Eric Campbell- I hope that he will be found soon.</p> <p>Today I'd like to cover an intriguing Doe case with few available sources.</p> <p>DISCOVERY</p> <p>On the 25th of May, Charles D. Marks and his wife (whose name I couldn't find, unfortunately) came back to their home in Newton, Massachusetts, USA- the couple have returned from 6-month long vacation. </p> <p>As they were settling back in the house, they made a horrifying discovery: There was a decomposing body inside the bedroom closet. The Marks' instantly called the police.</p> <p>The person they found in the closet was determined to be a white man, about 35 to 40 years of age (one source just says that he was an &quot;adult&quot;). It appears that John has been dead for at least a few months, as any other info about him (height, weight, eye and hair color) couldn't be estimated, and his remains were noted to be heavily decomposed, which made him unrecognizable. His death was determined to be a suicide via gunshot- John died due to a gunshot wound to the head which was seemingly inflicted with a .25 caliber handgun found next to him. It was noted by the investigators that there was no trail of blood leading to the closet where John was found, and that fact pointed towards the shot being self-inflicted.</p> <p>John was found wearing a khaki jacket, tan pants, and a pair of workboots. A 10-speed bike was found somewhere at the scene, but it's not clear where exactly (if it was outside the house or if John brought it inside). A phone number was also found (I'm assuming that it was written down on a piece of paper or something), but again, it's unclear where at the scene exactly, it was only determined that it belonged to John. There is no further info about that number and it was never revealed to the public.</p> <p>There were no signs of found entry anywhere in the home, but it's been noted that the Marks' belongings have been seemingly &quot;gone through&quot;, though nothing was determined to be missing.</p> <p>CONCLUSION</p> <p>I couldn't find a lot of info about the case- there's only a NamUS, an unidentified-wiki profile, and a newspaper clipping written shortly after John was discovered. </p> <p>At the time, police said that they had a couple of leads, but they were quickly ruled out after John's autopsy was conducted. </p> <p>At the time, Charles Marks said that he and his wife just wanted to &quot;forget about&quot; the discovery and that they have &quot;nothing more to say&quot;. Marks also said that police and exterminators were going to &quot;fumigate&quot; &quot;the place&quot; (either the scene or the whole house).</p> <p>It seems like John's dental records have been taken, along with other &quot;forensic evidence&quot;. It's unclear if John's fingerprints and DNA are anywhere on file, but it's possible that the fingerprints were unavailable due to decomposition. This case seems quite forgotten about, given the lack of sources, and I don't believe that John is undergoing a genetic genealogy investigation at the time of publication of this write-up. </p> <p>If you have any info about John's identity, contact the Massachusetts Office of Chief Medical Examiner - Boston at (617) 267-6767 (case number 1982-66)</p> <p>SOURCES:</p> <ol> <li><a href="https://www.namus.gov/UnidentifiedPersons/Case#/16434/details">NamUS.gov</a></li> <li><a href="https://unidentified-awareness.fandom.com/wiki/Middlesex_County_John_Doe_(1982">unidentified-awareness.com</a>)</li> </ol> </div><!-- SC_ON --> &#32; submitted by &#32; <a href="https://www.reddit.com/user/AlfredTheJones"> /u/AlfredTheJones </a> <br /> <span><a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/UnresolvedMysteries/comments/1uh8ahe/couple_comes_back_home_after_a_six_minths_long/">[link]</a></span> &#32; <span><a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/UnresolvedMysteries/comments/1uh8ahe/couple_comes_back_home_after_a_six_minths_long/">[comments]</a></span>