Amazon Prime Day hits different in 2026, even if it is the last day of the week-long event. Prime Day is often a moment to pick up a big-ticket item—and there are great Amazon Prime Day TV Deals, Prime Day Apple Deals, and Prime Day Tech Deals aplenty for those in need of a serious life upgrade.

But honestly, this year has been a bear for most people I know. I'm shopping on a budget. That's why I've assembled these great Amazon Prime Day Deals under $100. Each is a chance to pick up a necessity, a level-up, or a little treat without having to explain anything to yourself later—whether a low-cost Kindle or a great budget Fitbit. With only hours left in Prime Day, it's your last chance to snag all of these with such a good price.

For the best of the best of the best deals this Prime Day, check out WIRED's Absolute Best Prime Day Deals. For lightning deals of the moment, see our Amazon Prime Day live blog for updates in real-time.

*Updated 9PM ET on Friday, June 26: We've updated this story with a final refresh on deals you can still buy in the last hours of Prime Day.*

- **Our favorite Fitbit: Fitbit Charge 6 Fitness Tracker for $85 ($74 off)**
- **The best power bank : Anker Laptop Power Bank for $91 ($29 off)**
- **A Kindle for less than $100: Kindle (11th Gen, 2024) for $85 ($25 off)**
- **Great wireless earbuds: Soundpeats H3 Wireless Earbuds for $93 ($37 off)**
- **The best personal blender: Nutribullet Ultra for $93 ($37 off)**
- **The best Bluetooth speaker**:- **JBL Flip 7 for $95 ($55 off)**

## The Best Fitbit for $85 ($75 off)

Even after three years, this Charge 6 is still the Fitbit WIRED recommends for most people. The AMOLED touchscreen is bright and easy to read, and it does all the basic stuff that you want a fitness watch to do. It will monitor your blood oxygen, your heart rate, and your skin temp—plus monitor sleep and flag signs of stress or irregular heart rhythms. It's not as ultra-accurate as some, but it's good enough for most enthusiasts, and the price is very, very right at the moment.

## WIRED’s Favorite Power Bank for $91 ($29 off)

A good power bank is actually life-changing. It means never having to race to a cafe, hunting desperately for a table near an outlet. This compact little puppy is our top power bank for good reason: Ample 25,000-mAh capacity. Fast-charging capability for phones or laptops. Ability to fast-charge two devices at the same time, with a retractable flat 2-foot USB-C cable, and another 1-foot USB-C that doubles as a carry loop.

## A Kindle for $85 ($25 off)

Yes, America, you can get a Kindle for less than $100 right now for Prime Day. This is the most basic, smallest version of Kindle, granted, but it still performs well and has a bright front light and great battery life. This is the lowest price it's been all year and definitely one of the best Prime Day deals under $100.

## Wireless Earbuds With Great Sound for $93 ($37 off)

These Soundpeats H3 wireless earbuds hit the sweet spot where value meets lossless audio, detailed sound, and clear voice audio for phone calls. No weird features like heart-rate tracking. Just great sound and a low price—with an even lower price for Prime Day. Note that wireless charging is not possible with these, however.

## The Best Personal Blender for $93 ($37 off)

When someone thinks they want a portable blender, they probably actually want this—the best personal blender on the market. This 1,200-watt Nutribullet Ultra is the best daily driver I know for smoothies, protein shakes, and pestos or salsas. It's easily cleaned and utterly stashable so it doesn't take up counter space. When you're done blending, put the lid on the blending jug and it's now a drink cup that'll fit in most car cup holders. When it's under $100 like it is now, it's the best under $100 blender I know.

## A Terrific Air Fryer for $100 ($60 off)

Hi, this is my favorite basket air fryer. It's nearly 40 percent off, and a penny shy of a hundred bucks. In a world where most basket air fryers careen wildly off-temp, this one keeps temperature better than some thermometers. It crisps wings and fries without blasting the soul out of them. It's the one I recommend to most people who want a great air fryer but don't want to spend a lot, and this is its best price of the year so far. (If you only want the best of the best of the best, the Typhur Dome 2 is more expensive but is also on a terrific Prime Day deal.)

## A Handy Little Vacuum for $74 ($36 off)

In most cases, a vacuum under $100 probably isn't worth your time. But this little handheld model usually retails for $110, and it's even cheaper right now. It's a favorite of ours for cleaning cars, thanks to the long hose and handle. Regardless of what you're cleaning, it's easy to move around and get to hard-to-reach places like corners or deep trunks. There's also a nice charging stand that holds its attachments and will keep it charged, which you'll want since it only holds a 15 minute charge (unfortunately normal for small vacuums like this).

## A Powerful Mini Speaker for $65 ($35 off)

Amazon's Echo Dot Max takes the small body of the popular Echo Dot speakers and makes it so much better. It's more powerful, it has better sound, a built-in smart home hub, and a design intended for its updated assistant, Alexa+. (We've got mixed feelings on how good that assistant is, but it's free if you're a Prime user.) $100 might sound a bit pricey for such a small speaker, but don't be fooled by the size: the sound is almost as room-filling as the larger Echo Studio. And with it being nearly half off for Prime Day, it's a great time to bring this one home. There's also the even cheaper, but older Echo Dot (5th Gen) that's also on sale, mentioned below.

## A Powerful Streaming Box for $75 ($25 off)

Google has upgraded from the old Chromecast dongles you used to plug into a TV. Now we have the Google TV Streamer. This sleek little box disappears nicely next to any TV console table, an