Amazon Prime Day is one of the most reliable ways to save on Apple devices. Many Apple gadgets go on sale often, but Prime Day Apple deals frequently brings them to new lows.

There's one problem: Apple just dramatically raised the prices of some devices on Thursday. So far, only MacBooks and iPads are the only prices Apple has increased so far, but it has changed how we evaluate some of the current Amazon prices stack up. Either way, there are some great deals below on some of our favorite Apple products and third-party accessories.

Feel free to check out our list of the Absolute Best Prime Day Deals, or come hang out with us at our Amazon Prime Day live blog for unhinged commentary and deals we aren't sharing elsewhere.

*Updated 8PM ET Friday, June 26: We've updated prices and removed a few dead deals for the final hours of Prime Day, and added details about Apple's price hike that went into effect yesterday.*

## Best Apple Device Deals

One of the best tech deals we've seen this year is on Apple's flagship Apple AirPods Pro 3. Music sounds fantastic on these buds; they offer the best noise cancellation around and deliver excellent call quality. Apple added more ear tips for a better fit for small ears, new tools like heart rate sensing and live translation, and enhanced support for folks with hearing loss. If you use an iPhone, these are the wireless earbuds for you, and I've never seen them cheaper than this.

There's been a few different iPads on sale for Prime Day, but now the only sale left standing for the final hours is the 2025 base iPad. It's also the only iPad being sold at pre-sale increases prices at just $299 (now $449 on Apple's website). It was a long-awaited update after three years, and packs an A16 chip and 11-inch LCD screen, but no Apple Intelligence. Still, it's a great price for the iPad we'd say is the best for most people.

None of the MacBooks have a huge discount this year for Prime Day, but the the surprise price increases have made one configuration of the MacBook Air particularly attractive. Amazon is still selling a 13-inch M5 MacBook Air with a terabyte of storage for $1,150. That means it's cheaper than the base configuration that Apple now sells, despite coming with twice the storage! It may be a long time before a MacBook this stacked is sold for this little. The cheaper MacBook Neo didn't get much of a discount for Prime Day, though Walmart is still selling the base model at its original $599 price (before the $100 price increase).

The best Apple Watch overall has every feature you could want in a smartwatch (aside from satellite messaging, but I presume that isn't a dealbreaker for most of you). There's blood oxygen sensing, sleep tracking, electrocardiogram reading capabilities, and high blood pressure notifications. Best of all, the battery lasts for a full 24 hours, and it'll get watchOS 27. And at $279, it's the cheapest it's been sold out for the past few months.

This is the best-value Apple Watch. It's compatible with the latest watchOS and has several basic fitness features, though it lacks the extended battery life and some of the more high-tech tracking capabilities of the more-expensive Watch 11. But if you don't need blood oxygen or ECG readings, and you don't need a super-bright display, this affordable smartwatch is a smart buy. And now's a good time to buy, as it's $20 cheaper than it's typically sold out, even when on sale.

## Best MagSafe and Accessory Deals

Not everyone needs a stylus to work with the iPad, but for artists or avid notetakers, there's no better option than the Apple Pencil Pro. It supports all sorts of gestures and magnetically attaches, pairs and charges.

MagSafe wallets are sometimes fiddly or flimsy, and this is neither. Slide in up to three cards and pop them out with the press of your thumb. They stay secure when you don't need them and are easy to access at the register. This wallet isn't too hard on the eyes, either.

If you have a trio of Apple devices (iPhone, Apple Watch, and AirPods) this is top of our Apple 3-in-1 wireless chargers guide. A classy mix of chrome and soft-touch black plastic combines with a lovely weighted base so you can pick up your iPhone without pulling the whole charger off your nightstand. The iPhone pad can also be tilted and hold your iPhone vertically or horizontally, with support for StandBy mode. It can fast-charge capable iPhone and Apple Watch models and charge any AirPods with a wireless charging case.

Using a MacBook right on your desk is fine for a couple of hours here and there, but over the weeks and months, you'll find yourself hunching over to look down at the screen. This gorgeous laptop stand is one of the best solutions for correcting that ergonomic nightmare, and it's on sale for Prime Day.

## Best Apple Case Deals

Mous’ Limitless case is gorgeous, and it's one of our favorites for the iPhone 17. We like the various textures and colors, which feel pleasant and remain protective. The Camera Control button is an actual button, and every pressable component is nice and snappy.

As good as the iPad Air is, it's hardly worth it without a keyboard case to give you access to a keyboard and trackpad. And there's no case quite like Apple's own Magic Keyboard. It props the tablet up off the table for easy access to the screen, and the magnetic design means it's quick to remove the iPad. It also has the best keyboard and trackpad you'll find on a similar keyboard case, which is why it costs a bit extra.

*Power up with unlimited access to* WIRED*.**Get best-in-class reporting and exclusive subscriber content that's too important to ignore. Subscribe Today.*