There are an overwhelming number of Prime Day deals to sort through, which is why we spend so much time highlighting products we’ve already tested and can stand behind. But our recommendations are only one way to identify a worthwhile deal: another is seeing which products fellow *Verge* readers actually buy.

# 24 Prime Day deals Verge readers are grabbing before Prime Day ends

From Apple devices to smart fans and bird feeders, here are all the interesting things our readers are actually buying.

From Apple devices to smart fans and bird feeders, here are all the interesting things our readers are actually buying.

Below, we’ve rounded up the deals that have resonated most with readers who spend as much time thinking about tech as we do. It’s a great way to see what people actually think is a great deal — and what products everyone has been waiting for a price drop on.

Some of the favorites are exactly what you’d expect, like AirPods and Kindles. Others, like Birdbuddy’s camera-equipped smart bird feeder, were a more surprising. If you’re looking for some shopping inspiration, or are simply curious what your fellow readers have been adding to their carts, here are the products that have proven most popular so far during Prime Day.

### Hoto 3.6V Electric Screwdriver Kit Pro

Hoto’s rechargeable screwdriver is ideal for small repairs. It offers three torque modes, a rotational speed of up to 220RPM, and a helpful circular LED to illuminate dark spaces. The durable case also holds all 25 steel bits and an extension bar for getting into hard-to-reach places.

### Birdbuddy Pro (solar)

Birdbuddy’s charming, camera-equipped feeder identifies and snaps shots of each bird that stops by, supplementing its 5-megapixel stills with insightful facts via an app. The solar roof helps keep the camera’s battery topped up even when it’s cloudy outside.

### Xteink X4 e-reader

The Xteink X4 is significantly smaller and more pocketable than any of the Kindle and Kobo models currently available, and feature magnetic mounts so they can be stuck to the back of MagSafe-compatible smartphones. The bundled software is a little rough around the edges, but the version Amazon is selling can be easily upgraded to the free CrossPoint Reader firmware featuring a more polished user interface.

### SwitchBot Smart Switch Button Pusher

If you’ve ever wished you had a robot that could push a button for you, that’s precisely what SwitchBot’s Smart Switch does. It’s simple, smart, and works on anything with a button. Stick it on the device you want to turn on or off, and you’re set.

### Dyson PencilWash

The cordless cleaner is designed to tackle spills and stains on tile and other surfaces, and can easily slide under furniture and other tricky areas that bigger floor cleaners can’t reach. It also comes with a sleek charging dock that lets it eke out 30 minutes per charge

### AirPods Pro 3

The AirPods Pro 3 have a new design that improves their fit, superior noise cancellation, better bass, and fairly accurate heart rate sensors. Read our review.

### Apple Watch SE 3

The Apple Watch SE 3 is a major glow-up, adding an always-on display, wrist-temperature sensor, a more powerful processor, and fast charging. Read our review.

### Aqara Smart Lock U400

This innovative new smart lock uses the U1 ultra-wideband (UWB) chip in many iPhones and Apple Watches to automatically unlock your door as you approach. It will also work with the new Aliro standard and be compatible with Android phones for hands-free unlocking.

### Kindle Paperwhite (12th-gen)

Amazon’s latest Kindle Paperwhite — aka our favorite ebook reader — is waterproof, has a seven-inch display, and lasts weeks per charge. Read our review.

### Amazon Kindle Colorsoft Essentials Bundle

Amazon’s Kindle Colorsoft Signature Edition offers 32GB of storage, supports wireless charging, and has an auto-adjusting front light. The bundle includes a leather cover, and a wireless charging dock. Read our review.

### Belkin Charging Case for Nintendo Switch 2

The case features an integrated power bank and a small pocket to stow an AirTag (or other similarly sized Bluetooth tracker).

### Fitbit Ace LTE

The Fitbit Ace LTE is a fitness tracker designed specifically for kids, one loaded with movement-based games that encourage physical activity. It also supports GPS location tracking, as well as the ability to send messages and place calls to a limited number of contacts. However, keep in mind that a Fitbit Ace Pass subscription ($9.99 per month / $119.99 per year) is required for location tracking, messaging, and access to the Fitbit Arcade. Read our hands-on impressions.

### Apple AirTags (second-generation)

Apple’s latest AirTag features an upgraded ultra-wideband chip for more precise location tracking, a noticeably louder speaker, and an expanded Bluetooth range. Read our review.

### Glocusent Book Light

Glocusent’s bendable neck light supports three color temperatures and six levels of brightness. It’s rechargeable via USB-C and can last up to 80 hours per charge.

Belkin’s triple charging stand achieves 15W MagSafe wireless iPhone charging speeds and keeps your phone and Apple Watch elevated for easy reading.

### Anker Laptop Power Bank

Anker’s 25,000mAh power bank sports two built-in USB-C cables (one of which is retractable), plus one USB-C and USB-A port. It tops out at 165W when charging two devices simultaneously, or 130W when charging three or four.

### Google Nest Wifi Pro

The Nest Wifi Pro is an upgraded version of the standard model, and it’s equipped with Matter and Thread support in addition to Wi-Fi 6E connectivity.

### Google TV Streamer (4K)

Google’s terrific TV Streamer (4K) is the company’s best attempt at a streaming device yet, with built-in ethernet, an excellent interface, and smart home compatibility with both Matter and Thread. Read our review.

### Lego Star Wars Imperial Star Destroyer

Lego’s brick-ified replica of an Imperial S