We’ve covered so many deals during Prime Day that my head is spinning. But after four days of doing our damndest to try and help folks save money, the thing I’m most hyped for is a simple tool for fixing my most egregious mistakes. I bought a pair of Vampliers.

# After covering Prime Day for 36 hours over four days, this is the one thing I bought

I’ve been wanting Vampliers for a while anyway. Because I keep screwing up.

I’ve been wanting Vampliers for a while anyway. Because I keep screwing up.

If you’re unfamiliar, Vampliers are Japanese-made pliers designed for one simple task: removing stripped screws. I don’t even remember when I first heard of them, but I threw one on my wishlist long ago and thought, “I should get one of these eventually.” That time is now: the standard 6.25-inch VT-001 Vampliers is on sale for $25.58 (about $6 off) at Amazon.

I recommended a smaller pair of Vampliers in our roundup of Prime Day deals under $25. I knew from people I trust how handy these things are. I even read Chris Person’s excellent ode to his Engineer “Neji-Saurus” pliers, which are the same thing with a green handle. (Engineer makes both sets of pliers; Vampire Tools distributes rebranded Engineer tools in the US.)

Over the years, I’ve abandoned far too many stripped screws in door jambs, junction boxes, and even under my desk. And now I finally have a means to correct my mistakes. Maybe it’s the full pot of coffee I’ve been drinking every day since Tuesday, but I’m done with Prime Day and I’m done with stripped screws.

**Follow topics and authors**from this story to see more like this in your personalized homepage feed and to receive email updates.