We’ve arrived at the final day of Prime Day, which at this point should probably be called “Prime Week.” We’ve found discounts on all manner of gadgets, including TVs, smart home tech, chargers, headphones, and more. Some of the best deals have started selling out at some retailers, so if you’ve been craving a popular upgrade like the AirPods Max 2, time is running low.

# It’s the last day of Prime Day — here are over 140 great deals to choose from

As the selling event winds down there’s still lots of deals to pick from.

As the selling event winds down there’s still lots of deals to pick from.

The good news is that our team is still hard at work, and in addition to the deals that remain in stock, the retailers sometimes save up a few extras for the last day (like this Echo Spot that got a little cheaper). This roundup is our pride and joy; the culmination of over four days of deal hunting by our entire team. We’ve worked tirelessly for the last week and arrived at a list of over 120 discounted items (and growing) that we’re happy to share with you.

Of course, our Prime Day coverage spans every category *The Verge* staff touches, and is a great place to explore the full breadth of discounts we’re able to find on the stuff we’ve tested, regularly use, and love. We genuinely enjoy helping you save on cool tech and fun gadgets that are actually worth your hard-earned money, especially when everything is getting more expensive.

## Featured Products

### Echo Show 8 (2025)

The updated Echo Show 8 features an 8.7-inch display with 720p resolution, wider viewing angles, and higher contrast. It includes a 13-megapixel camera, new stereo speakers, and supports Alexa Plus, while doubling as a smart home hub with support for Zigbee, Matter, and Thread. Read our review.

- **Amazon’s Echo Show 11**is on sale for $149.99 ($80 off) at Amazon, which marks its best price to date. It’s almost identical to the Echo Show 8, except that it offers a larger and sharper 1080p resolution.
- You can buy the latest **Echo Show 5**for $49.99 ($40 off) at Amazon, which is one of its better prices in recent months though $20 shy of its all-time low. The smart display also works with Alexa Plus, but it’s smaller than the Echo Show 8 with less robust sound, and better suited for small table tops or office desks.

### Philips Hue smart bulb starter kit

The Philips Hue smart bulb starter kit comes with color-changing bulbs with 800 lumens of peak brightness that can be controlled with Alexa, Google Assistant, or the companion app. The included Hue Bridge lets you set custom lighting routines and expand your setup to 50 lights.

- The **Philips Hue Go Smart Portable Table Lamp**is on sale for $123.47 ($53 off) at Amazon, which is a new low. The water resistant lamp can display millions of colors and lasts 48 hours on a single charge. It also offers customizable lighting effects and support for Matter, so you can control it via any major smart home platform.
- If you like the idea of the Philips Hue portable smart lamp but want something cheaper, **Govee’s Table Lamp Classic**is down to a new low of $55.99 ($25 off) at Amazon. The rechargeable lamp isn’t weather-resistant, but it offers up to 30 hours of battery life, adjustable color temperatures, and dozens of preset scenes and colorful lighting effects.

### Philips Hue Twilight sleep-wake lamp

Grab a great deal on this gorgeous sleep-wake light, now at its lowest-ever price. The striking **Twilight lamp** does so much more than just gradually brighten the light. Its full-color gradient LEDs create stunning sunrise and sunset scenes to help you wake up and wind down. It also serves as a smart home button to control other Hue lights and smart devices.

### Amazon Echo Spot

The Echo Spot is an excellent smart alarm clock with decent sound for its size and no camera. It features Amazon’s smart voice assistant for voice control and is worthy of a spot on your nightstand. Read our review.

- The foundation of a good smart home is Wi-Fi, so if you’re still rocking a router with Wi-Fi 6 or even 5, Prime Day is a good time to upgrade. All of Amazon’s eero mesh Wifi routers are on sale, and its flagship **eero Wifi 7 Pro**is down to $549.99 from $699.99. If you don’t need that much power, the equally capable**eero Wifi 6E**is down to $329.99 for a three-pack.

### Ring Battery Doorbell Plus (second-gen)

The 2026 doorbell offers 2K video and 6x zoom, plus a removable battery. It supports Ring’s Retinal Vision, which uses AI to improve footage quality.

### Google Nest Wifi Pro

If you’re a Google smart home user, the Google Nest WiFi sporting 6E is almost 40 percent off for a 3-pack. In addition to Wi-Fi 6E, the Pro supports Matter and Thread smart home connectivity,

- The rubbed-bronze version of the versatile **Yale Assure Lock 2**with WiFi is $70 off on Prime Day, discounted to $189.98. This lock features a real keypad, not a touchscreen, along with support for all the major smart home platforms, including Apple Home (although it doesn’t work with Home Key).

### Blink Video Doorbell (second-gen)

The latest Blink Video Doorbell is a nice step up from its predecessor, offering a 1080p head-to-toe view and more accurate motion alerts. The second-gen model promises up to two years of battery life, while an infrared night vision mode allows you to get a beat on visitors when it’s dark outside. When someone does drop by, you don’t even need to get up to answer, as it supports two-way talk through the Blink app.

- The **Eufy Security SoloCam S220**is on sale for $54.14 (usually $99.99) at Amazon, and features built-in solar power, 8GB of internal storage so you don’t need a subscription, and infrared LEDs for sharper night vision.

### Skylight Calendar 2

The 15-inch Skylight Calendar 2 shows color-coded schedules at a glance, with built-in tools for assigning chores, meal planning, and more. It can also import events from photos and automatically sync with calendars 