We've officially entered the final leg of Amazon Prime Day. With hours to go left on this last day of the annual sale event (which actually lasted four days this year), we're still here, sifting through the piles of junk deals to find the diamonds in the rough. Not all deals are as good as retailers would like you to think. That's why the WIRED Reviews team tests products all year so that we offer recommendations on Prime Day that we can stand by.

Many of these deals end when midnight strikes here on the west coast, so take one last look through our recommended deals before many of them expire. And don't forget: Most of them require being an Amazon Prime member. So, make sure to at least sign up for a free trial to take full advantage.

*Updated Friday, June 26, 9PM ET: We've removed some expired deals, switched some new deals in, and updated prices throughout.*

*Contributors: Louryn Strampe, Simon Hill, Nena Farrell, Martin Cizmar, Kat Merck, Matthew Korfhage, Molly Higgins, Luke Larsen*, *Scott Gilbertson*, *Boutayna Chokrane*

- **The best streaming stick:**Fire TV Stick 4K Max for $35 ($25 off)
- **The best Apple deal:**Apple Watch Series 11 for $279 ($120 off)
- **The best headphone deal**: Bose QuietComfort Ultra for $269 ($180 off)
- **The best Amazon e-reader:**Amazon Kindle Paperwhite for $125 ($35 off)
- **The best portable power station:**Jackery Explorer 1000 for $400 ($400 off)
- **The best budget art TV:**Amazon Ember Artline 65-inch TV for $900 ($200 off)
- **The best Windows laptop:**Microsoft Surface Laptop for $984 ($516 off)

## Best Tech Deals

This is our very favorite MagSafe power bank. Wireless and MagSafe charging aren’t always the fastest or most efficient, but despite its bulk, this large-capacity bank can top off modern phones once (or maybe a little more than that) without overheating or taking forever. There’s a built-in kickstand and display, too. —*Louryn Strampe*

This remains one of my favorite Windows laptops, and I'm ecstatic that it's gotten a price drop for Prime Day. I still think the screen is incredibly unique though, with its taller 3:2 aspect ratio. Once you see it in person, you’ll notice the difference right away. With more vertical screen space, you see more lines of spreadsheets, more content of websites, and more space on your canvas as a creator. A new version just got announced with a more powerful Snapdragon X2 chip inside, but it’s more expensive and not on sale yet.*—Luke Larsen*

Who knew a monitor this cheap could be this good? I discovered this one when I went on the hunt to find the very best 1080p monitor for your home office for under $200, and the Dell 27 Plus was the clear winner. Standard resolution aside, this monitor comes with solid colors and a silky smooth 144-Hz refresh rate. It also means that it can double as a half-decent gaming monitor when it needs to.*—Luke Larsen*

This is my favorite color e-reader. The Kobo Libra Colour can do everything a Kindle Colorsoft can, but also has page-turner buttons and is compatible with Kobo’s Stylus 2 to have it double as a digital notebook. It used to be cheaper than the Colorsoft, but Kobo’s recent price increase made it a little pricier, which is why I’d buy it right now on sale if you want one. *—Nena Farrell*

The Wi-Fi 7 Netgear Orbi 770 Series is my current pick of the best mesh Wi-Fi systems for most households. This tri-band mesh (2.4-, 5-, and 6-GHz) offers simple setup, delivers stable and speedy internet connectivity, and boasts expansive coverage. The stylish tower design is unobtrusive, the internal antennas ensure your whole home gets online, and you get the key benefits of Wi-Fi 7, including MLO (Multi-Link Operation) to enable Wi-Fi 7 devices to connect on multiple bands simultaneously. *—Simon Hill*

The best portable power stations offer the freedom to go off-grid and keep your gadgets powered, and the Solix C1000 is my small pick. It has molded handles for easy carrying, weighs just shy of 30 pounds, and sports a handy display on the front. It boasts a 1,024-watt-hour capacity, can fast-charge smartphones, and has no trouble with small appliances. It can also serve as an uninterruptible power supply with a 10-millisecond delay. *—Simon Hill*

As popular as mechanical keyboards are, you might want something a bit quieter and more compact. That’s where the Logitech MX Keys S fits in wonderfully. This full-sized keyboard shares a lot in common with the full sized Apple Magic Keyboard, except that this has backlit keys and is fully platform-agnostic. It can even pair up to three devices simultaneously, if that’s your jam.*—Luke Larsen*

*Jump to Section:* Best Tech Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Apple and Apple Accessory Deals, Best AV Deals, Best Home & Kitchen Deals, Best Beauty & Wellness Deals, Best Mobile & Wearable Deals

## Best Amazon Device Deals

If you want a great e-reader for under $100, snagging the basic Kindle while it’s on sale is one of the only ways to pull that off. It’ll be the lowest price it’s been all year, available for $85 when it usually costs $110. It’s the smallest Kindle, with just a 6-inch screen, but still packs snappy performance, a bright front light, and great battery life. *—Nena Farrell*

Last year, a color version of the Kindle Scribe finally arrived. The Kindle Scribe Colorsoft launched alongside the third-generation Kindle Scribe (which is also on sale!) with a new interface, AI features, and bigger screen than its previous counterpart. The Scribe Colorsoft does everything a Scribe can normally do—double as a digital notebook while still being an excellent Kindle e-reader—but adds a color screen. It's a hefty price tag, but while it's on sale it's a pretty good price for all you'll get. *—Nena Farrell*

Amazon’s Echo Studio has been a longtime favorite at WIRED for the sound quality, and the second-generation model is no exception. It has a size that’s closer to the fourth-generation Echo from 2020, but a powerful sou