The summer sale extravaganza has come early this year, and while this is one of many sale events you'll see between now and the holidays, these Prime Day vacuum deals are still going for the final day of the summer sale event.

There's an impressive range of vacuums still on sale, from some of my favorite cordless vacuums and Dyson powerhouses to robot vacuums and handheld vacuums. You can get the already affordable Bissell PowerClean FurFinder ($150) with an extra discount, or the best robot vacuum we've tried, the Shark PowerDetect UV Reveal ($850), for a fantastic price. You can even get great wet vacuums like the Narwal S30 Pro ($335) on sale too, at least until the end of today.

All of these models and more that we've tested and love are on sale right now for the final day of Prime Day, so snag yourself a cheaper price tag for your perfect robot vacuum, stick vacuum, or hand vac while you still can. Also be sure to browse our roundup of the **Absolute Best Prime Day Deals** before the day's done.

*Updated 6PM ET Friday, June 26: We've updated these deals with the latest prices, and added a few more final deals from Roborock and Black + Decker to More Deals I've Spotted. This is the final update before Prime Day ends, so don't miss your last chance at these sales.*

## Best Cordless Vacuum Deals

The whole reason to shop for a vacuum on Prime Day is to get a great deal. The Bissell PowerClean FurFinder is frequently on sale, but this week it's been dropped all the way to $150. That's especially impressive as this was already an affordable cordless vacuum, considering its power and the included attachments. It has 200 watts of power, a bright headlight to spot dust and debris, a handful of attachments like the FurFinder head for sucking up pet hair, and a HEPA filtration system. It can stand up on its own, too, which comes in handy.

This is my all-time favorite cordless vacuum, and it's on sale right now. The Shark PowerDetect is a popular cordless vacuum for a reason, from its powerful suction, bendable neck, large dust cup that's easy to empty, and HEPA filtration. This vacuum outperformed a Dyson in my tests with sand and cereal on carpet, and works great as a hand vacuum, too. It was already a well-priced vacuum considering all it includes, and it's even better now with this $100 discount during Prime Day. This may be sold out at Amazon, but you can still get the discounted price from Shark.

This Dyson is not only powerful, but it now also has a fantastic price, too. I usually don't see it for this cheap, but now that Dyson has launched new vacuum models, it's likely going to have a better sale price going forward. So, while the Dyson Gen5Detect isn't technically the top-of-the-line model anymore, it's still impressively powerful with 280 air-watts of suction and has a brighter laser than Dyson's older models. It also has a true power button rather than the trigger button that models like the V15 have. The addition of the HEPA filtration and its powerful suction makes it a go-to option for homes with carpet and pet hair.

If you're looking for a great cordless vacuum that comes with a self-emptying base station but won't cost you hundreds, the Tineco Pure One Station 5 is a solid option. It has decent power with 175 air-watts and is almost half off with a price tag of $250 right now. That's only $100 more than what you'll spend on the Bissell during Prime Day, but it comes with a base station that can both empty the stick vacuum and charge the vacuum. It only comes with one attachment, but it has a bright green laser to spot dust, and it did a thorough job on both my hard floors and carpet. It's well worth the price for everything you get.

If you're looking for a better mop experience, try a cordless wet-dry vacuum. The Narwal S30 Pro made mopping my massive main floor a breeze. You fill up the clean water tank in the head of the wet vac, and then it filters dirty water and debris up into the dirty water tank in the body of the device. You can add a little disposable basket to catch large debris so that it doesn't get too murky; it was much easier to clean than the Dyson WashG1. It's a highly recommended purchase for homes with primarily hard floors, especially at this discounted price.

There are a lot of stick vacuums out there worth your money. The Levoit LVAC-300 is one of the many that we've tested and liked. It's well-rounded with an hour of battery life, a couple of accessories, an anti-tangle roller brush, and HEPA filtration. It hits up to 12,000 rotations per minute to suck up dirt and debris all over your home. It can technically stand up on its own, but it is prone to falling over.

## Best Robot Vacuum Deals

I don't like AI being forced into products unnecessarily, but I have to admit this robot vacuum's built-in AI features impressed me. The Shark PowerDetect UV Reveal uses a UV light and a camera to spot stains, and the AI will analyze the footage to find where it should go to scrub the floors. Once the initial clean is complete, it will announce to you that it's found stains and is headed back out to “viciously attack them.” It also does a good job on hard floors, carpets, and rugs alike, but sadly can only learn one floor at a time. Still, I've yet to be this impressed with any other robot vacuum's cleaning job, especially for the price (even more so while on sale!)

This is another robot vacuum with AI that you'll actually be impressed with. Former WIRED reviewer Adrienne So found the Dreame X50 Ultra would track and recognize spots in her home that would get the dirtiest (for her, it was in front of her dog's bed) and remind her to run the vacuum to clean them. It also has side wands for edge cleaning and a large capacity docking station for all that debris it's reminding you to let it clean. It's got a decent discount as well right now for Prime Day.

If you want a cheaper robot vacuum without skimping on a good clean, the Eufy Omni C28 is my favorite bud