The Fellow Espresso Series 1 is $200 off for Amazon Prime Day 2026. That's the first time it's been on any kind of discount—and frankly, I'm surprised it happened so soon, especially at such a generous price break

Fellow makes easy-to-use products that satisfy the nerdiest of nerds: It's why I tend to like the brand's products. I hailed the Fellow Espresso Series 1 (8/10, WIRED Recommends) as a game-changer when it came out early this year, the kind of machine that changes what latte lovers expect from a home espresso machine. It is, in fact, my favorite espresso machine of the moment for the home consumer, a beautiful mix of power and ease.

That's because it's the first accessibly priced espresso maker I've seen that lets you play with pressure and shot profiles—and makes it very easy to do, even if you're not a coffee geek. Most other machines on the market tend to squeeze a steady 9 to 15 bars of pressure against a puck and use a flow meter or a stopwatch.

The Series 1 offers easy-to-choose preset pressure profiles for light, medium, or dark beans. A “lever” option with six infusion stages helps mimic the syrupy body and big crema of a manual espresso machine. No-bitterness turbo shots are possible, too, if you really want to get wild.

This Fellow device is able to ease off pressure against a decaying puck, or use lower pressure on shots designed for coarser grinds. Both approaches can lower the amount of bitterness or acridity in a shot, depending. This kind of functionality previously wasn't available for less than $5,000. For the next three days, it starts at $1,300 instead.

None of that matters unless the espresso tastes good, and if it's easy to use even for those who never thought about pressure profiles once in their lives. The Fellow sails through this test. It offers admirable temperature stability with short (two-minute) warm-up times, and automatic milk frothing that's up there with the best semi-automatic machines out there.

You'll still need a worthy espresso grinder. I tend to recommend the Baratza Encore ESP ($200) over Fellow's previous-generation Opus grinder for its easier adjustments. But this said, Fellow has just released a new Opus 2 grinder for the same price that I haven't yet tested. You'll also want counter clearance above 20 inches if you prefer to remove your water tank to fill it, rather than use a pitcher or kettle. The volumetric controls remain less than perfect, by most reports—Fellow is working on a firmware fix—so your espresso shot might run wide by a few milliliters.

But it remains the most powerful and customizable espresso maker I know for its price, one that beggars most other machines even when not on sale. A number of other flagship Fellow products are also on a 20 percent sale for Prime Day. Here are the best Fellow deals for Amazon Prime Day.

*Update at 6 PM ET on Friday, June 26: Added the Fellow Ode Gen 2 Flat Burr Coffee Grinder, and the Fellow Corvo EKG Kettle.*

## Fellow Aiden, WIRED’s Favorite Drip Coffee Machine, Is $80 Off

Before the espresso machine, there was the Fellow Aiden (8/10, WIRED Recommends). This, too, was a game-changer for drip coffee, allowing for easy presets or customization of every parameter you could ever think of for a coffee bean—including the elevation at which you're brewing. It blew WIRED contributing reviewer Pete Cottell's mind when it came out in 2024. It's on sale for this price about a couple of times a year. If it was on your list, this is the time to buy it.

## The World’s Best Precision Kettle Is $40 Off

And here it is, the kettle that is on the counter of every single pour-over lover I know. It's also on mine. It's pretty, it's compact, it heats fast, and it's programmable to the degree. It makes my kitchen feel like a better kitchen for being there. Of all of Fellow's many coffee devices, this is the one I'll be loath to ever give up.

## But Wait! The Fellow Corvo Tea Kettle Is Also $40 Off

The Corvo is a lot like the Stagg. Same dialed-in temperature precision. Same elegant form. Same pretty stag-horn handle available in walnut and maple if you spring for it, which you should. Except instead of a precision spout for pour-overs (and occasional herb garden watering), you get a normal spout that's great for soup or tea. The temperature precision and long holding is especially wonderful for the more delicate teas: You can try different steeping temps, and then find the perfect one for each tea. When you find the sweet spot on a bold white peony, it's kind of a revelation.

This Ode Gen 2 is the flat-burr coffee grinder I prefer for delicate precision on drip coffee and pour-over—able to elicit tuning-fork clarity of flavor. Tested with a particle size analysis, the grind size distribution looks like a perfect little bell curve. The result is some of the nicest and most distinct flavor notes of any accessibly priced flat burr. It's also quite static free. The weird little fin on the grounds cup can be a little maddening, but this is less a flaw than a perplexity. Anyway, the Ode is already low-priced compared to a lot of high-end flat burr grinders—but at $320, it's a steal. Get it while the deal still exists.