| ## 
Science Fiction Writer | 

| WordStar for DOS 7.0 Rev. D 
along with plug-and-play MS-DOS emulator packages for running it underWindows, see:And for why I continue to use and love WordStar well into the 21st century, see below. | 

"Sawyer's long post [below] about WordStar is extremely insightful." Matthew Kirschenbaum, author ofTrack Changes: A Literary History of Word Processing

"A fine word processing program called WordStar. It never crashed, and it never failed, and I loved it immoderately." Michael Chabon, author ofThe Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay

"As testimony to how good WordStar is, evenIbecame proficient at it and wrote a dozen novels and hundreds of short stories on it. A great system, especially compared to MS Word." Edo van Belkom, author ofScream Queen

"I am happy to greet the geniuses [Rob Barnaby and Seymour Rubinstein, the creators of WordStar] who made me a born-again writer. Having announced my retirement in 1978, I now have six books in the works and two [probables], all through WordStar." Arthur C. Clarke, author of2001: A Space Odyssey

"I have a secret weapon: I use WordStar. It does everything I want a word-processing program to do." George R.R. Martin, author ofA Game of Thrones

"WordStar was magnificent. I loved it. It was logical, beautiful, perfect. Compared to it, Microsoft Word is pure madness." Anne Rice, author ofInterview with the Vampire

Many science-fiction writers  including myself, Roger MacBride Allen, Gerald Brandt, Jeffrey A. Carver, Arthur C. Clarke, David Gerrold, Terence M. Green, James Gunn, Matthew Hughes, Donald Kingsbury, Eric Kotani, Paul Levinson, George R. R. Martin, Vonda McIntyre, Kit Reed, Jennifer Roberson, and Edo van Belkom  continue to use WordStar for DOS as our writing tool of choice.

Still, most of us have endured years of mindless criticism of our 
decision, usually from WordPerfect users, and especially from 
WordPerfect users who have never tried anything *but* that 
program.  I've used WordStar, WordPerfect, Word, MultiMate, 
Sprint, XyWrite, and just about every other MS-DOS and Windows 
word-processing package, and WordStar is *by far* my 
favorite choice for creative composition at the keyboard.  

That's the key point:  *aiding creative composition*.  To 
understand how WordStar does that better than other programs, let 
me start with a little history.



WordStar was first released in 1978, before there was any 
standardization in computer keyboards.  At that time, many 
keyboards lacked arrow keys for cursor movement and special 
function keys for issuing commands.  Some even lacked such keys 
as `Tab`, `Insert`, `Delete`, `Backspace`, and `Enter`.

About all you could count on was having a standard QWERTY 
typewriter layout of alphanumeric keys and a `Control` key.  The 
`Control` key is a specialized shift key.  When depressed 
simultaneously with an alphabetic key, it causes the keyboard to 
generate a specific command instruction, rather than the letter.  
The control codes are named `Ctrl-A` through `Ctrl-Z` (there are 
a few punctuation keys that can generate control codes, too).  
Control codes are frequently indicated in text by preceding the 
letter with a caret, like so:  `^A`.  

WordStar's original designers, Seymour Rubinstein and Rob 
Barnaby, selected five control codes to be prefixes for bringing 
up additional menus of functions:  `^O` for On-screen functions; `^Q` 
for Quick cursor functions; `^P` for Print functions; `^K` for block 
and file functions; and `^J` for help.  

Now, the first three of these are alphabetically mnemonic.  The 
last two, `^K` and `^J`, might at first glance seem to be arbitrary 
choices.  They aren't.  Look at a typewriter keyboard.  You'll 
see that for a touch typist, the two strongest fingers of the 
right hand rest over `^J` and `^K` on the home typing row.  WordStar 
recognizes that the most-often-used functions should be the 
easiest to physically execute.  

To serve as arrow keys for moving the cursor up, left, right, or 
down, WordStar adopted `^E`, `^S`, `^D`, and `^X`.  Again, looking at a 
typewriter keyboard makes the logic of this plain.  These four 
keys are arranged in a diamond under the left hand:


E

SD

X

Such positional, as opposed to alphabetic, mnemonics form a large 
part of the WordStar interface.  Additional cursor-movement 
commands are clustered around the `E`/`S`/`D`/`X` diamond:


`W`E`R`

`A`SD`F`

`Z`X`C`

`^A` and `^F`, on the home typing row, move the cursor left and right 
by words.  `^W` and `^Z`, to the left of the cursor-up and 
cursor-down commands, scroll the screen up and down by single 
lines.  `^R` and `^C`, to the right of the cursor-up and cursor-down 
commands, scroll the screen up and down a page at a time (a 
"page" in the computer sense of a full screen of text).  

`^Q`, the aforementioned quick-cursor-movement menu prefix, extends 
the power of this diamond.  Just as `^E`, `^S`, `^D`, `^X` move the 
cursor up, left, right, and down by single characters, `^QE`, `^QS`, 
`^QD`, and `^QX` move it all the way to the top, left, right, or 
bottom of the screen.  `^W` scrolls up one line; `^QW` scrolls up 
continuously.  `^Z` scrolls down one line; `^QZ` scrolls down 
continuously.  And since `^R` and `^C` take you to the top and bottom 
of the screen, `^QR` and `^QC` take you to the top and bottom of the 
document.  There are many more `^Q` commands, but I think you can 
see from this sampling that there is an underlying logic to the 
WordStar interface, something sorely lacking in many other 
programs  *particularly* WordPerfect.  

Now, for many of these functions there are dedicated keys on IBM 
PC keyboards.  WordStar allows you to use these, if you're so 
inclined.  But touch-typists find that using the WordStar 
`Control`-key commands is much more efficient, because they can be 
typed from the home row without hunting for special keys 
elsewhere on the keyboard.  Because of this, many applications, in