It's that time of the year. Amazon's sale is upon us, and with it, some of the best Prime Day laptop deals.

I review laptops all year, so that when it comes to these big sales events, I can recommend devices I've personally tested. The last thing you want to do is make a spur-of-the-moment decision on a particularly cheap laptop that you'll regret in a week. These are all fantastic laptops for their price, and in many cases, they're at significant discounts.

If you haven't found the deal you want yet, browse our roundup of the Absolute Best Prime Day Deals and our Amazon Prime Day Liveblog for our latest updates.

*Updated 5:30 PM ET Friday, June 26: I've added more laptop deals, including the Surface Laptop and context around Apple's recent price increases.*

## The Best Laptop Prime Day Deal

It started off Prime Day as my top pick. Then it disappeared—and now, it's back at $835. It's great to see one of my favorite laptops selling for a price this low, especially in light of the MacBook Air's sudden price hike. The Surface Laptop is not only a fantastic alternative to the MacBook Air in terms of its refined design and sturdy build quality. It's display is genuinely better in almost every way, thanks to its taller 3:2 aspect ratio and 120-Hz refresh rate. Put these laptops next to each other on a table, and I'll opt for the Surface Laptop more often than not. And while this configuration comes with only 256 GB of storage, I can promise you won't find a better laptop at this price right now.

This may be the last time you'll be able to buy the Surface Laptop at this price too, since Microsoft announced official price increases fairly recently.

## The Best MacBook Deals

The prices of laptops in 2026 have been rising, and on Thursday, Apple followed suit by jacking up prices across its MacBook lineup. For example, the M5 MacBook Air now starts at $1,299, which is a $200 bump. But here's a tip: Amazon is still currently selling the 1 TB version of the MacBook Air for $150 less, giving you twice the storage at a lower cost. While the days of sub-$1,000 MacBook Airs may be gone, at least you can pack it full of storage for a reasonable price. For now, at least.

Most people are already familiar with the MacBook Air, and it hasn't changed much on the outside since 2022. But the 2026 model has two important upgrades: highly improved graphics performance thanks to the M5 chip, and support for up to two external monitors.

There's also a much larger 15-inch model, which is every bit as thin and powerful. Other than the size difference, it comes with a clearer and bassier speaker setup that's on par with the MacBook Pro.

## The Best Cheap Laptop Deals

Laptops under $750 have a bad reputation, and for the most part, they've earned it themselves. But there are some standouts, the most notable being the HP OmniBook 3. It's on sale for under $550, despite being a laptop with 16 GB of RAM and 512 GB of storage. Those are incredible specs for laptop at this price. To put things in perspective, that's double the memory and storage you get in the more expensive MacBook Neo.

Of course, there are a number of compromises, where the HP OmniBook 3 doesn't measure up to something like the MacBook Neo. The screen is nowhere near as sharp, especially since the this is a larger, 16-inch display. Then, there's the touchpad. It feels cheap and clumsy to use. But when it comes to battery life and performance, the OmniBook 3 is really impressive for a laptop of this price. The 14-inch model, which is otherwise identical, is on sale for even cheaper at just $500.

The HP OmniBook 5 comes with a brilliant OLED display that have far better color performance and a much wider range of contrast. Not only that, but the OmniBook 5 is a beautiful laptop in its own right, which is nearly as thin as the MacBook Air and comes with an equal configuration. Like the OmniBook 3, though, the OmniBook 5 also has a lame touchpad.

## The Best Gaming Laptop Deals

This gaming laptop has a big advantage over many other gaming laptops at this price. Yes, it's thick. And yes, the aesthetic isn't for everyone. But the display, build quality, keyboard, and touchpad are a solid step up over even some of my favorite budget gaming laptops, like the Lenovo LOQ 15. The display in particular is very pretty, being sharper with its 2560 x 1600 resolution and more colorful than typical gaming laptops at that price. That makes it a joy to use, both in and out of games.

The problem is that the Alienware 16X Aurora is typically priced hundreds of dollars over other cheap gaming laptops. But for Prime Day, it's come down to a much more attractive price, making it one of the very best laptop deals I've found this year.

It's not the prettiest gaming laptop in the world, but it's certainly the cheapest way to get a GPU as powerful as the RTX 5060 right now. $999 is a great price for the performance the Cyborg A15 delivers, so long as you can handle the extra bulk in the chassis. That being said, it does come with a 144-Hz refresh rate display, which is plenty fast for a laptop at this performance level.

## Laptop Accessory Prime Day Deals

**Bellroy Workpack for $127**: This is a laptop bag we love for its simplicity. This smaller backpack is all you need for heading to the office or to work at a coffee shop. And thanks to the grab handles, it functions just as well as a handheld tote bag.

**Branch Adjustable Laptop Stand for $71**: This is a gorgeous laptop stand. Branch is one of our favorite brands, and this laptop stand is both highly adjustable, well-built, and looks beautiful on your desk.

**Native Union Stow Slim for $49**: This my favorite laptop sleeve. I love how firm and thin it is, not adding too much thickness or heft to carrying your device around. There's not a lot to it, but it's sleek and well-made.

**Satechi 108W Pro USB-C PD Desktop Charging Station for $45**: This 108-watt wall charger is a simple swap-out for the brick that