<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p><strong>Warning ⚠️ - Long post.</strong></p> <p>After much contemplation, I have finally decided on posting about my <strong>creepy</strong> SIL. Not as thrilling or scary as other stories i have come across on reddit but this is scary to me <strong>because it's 100% true and it happened to me just a few days back...</strong></p> <p>So, just a backstory - I have a cousin brother who is younger to me by 3 years and has gotten married recently (a week back). It was an arranged marriage set up and the whole thing just seemed to be rushed tbh. He first met the girl and her family around April end and the wedding was finalized for June 2nd week. The whole thing was sus. Frankly it felt like the girl's family just wanted to get done with the wedding ASAP. </p> <p>I urged my family to do a thorough background check but my uncle and aunt insisted that they had done it and everything seems to be good. So me and my parents let it be for the simple fact that we didn't want to be to be seen as too 'negative' or 'pessimistic' of us.</p> <p>Later during the wedding prep time, my family found out that the girl (my now SIL) has a brother who is a special child which they hid from us. And mind you, I'm a mental health professional...we are a family of doctors - the only thing that we found disturbing was they hid this fact from us. They weren't transparent and honest. And when we approached them for discussion to understand about him a bit more, our intention was misunderstood and we were blamed for being judgemental... They threatened us saying if we call off the marriage now, there will be consequences (although that thought never even entered our minds!!!!!) </p> <p>I also met her for the first time one day prior to the wedding and just found her overall behaviour a bit <strong>odd</strong>. I cannot particularly describe what felt odd but it was a number of things...her lack of eye to eye contact, seemed a bit asocial, odd facial expressions, sometimes no facial expressions and also at times it felt as if she's daydreaming and is lost in her thoughts (again as I'm a mental health professional, acc to my clinical accumen I have tried to fit her behaviour under some condition like autism or like an absence seizure but she seemed to have very normal behaviour with her family and friends and was behaving that way only with our family.... almost like she was '<strong>switching</strong>' between those two personas from min to min...very odd.) We also got a few concerning reports from other distant relatives about the bride and her family... But it was too late to do anything one day before the wedding.</p> <p>Anyway, back to the main plot - the wedding still took place despite all the drama. We did all the post wedding rituals and that night my aunt requested me that I accompany my sister in law as she is new to our house and might be scared to sleep alone. (according to Hindu traditions the couple isn't allowed to be 'together' until the puja is done which was scheduled for the next morning) </p> <p>I wasn't particularly comfortable with this request but I reluctantly agreed. My SIL was already ready for bed but I had a few chores left to do so I told her I'll take another 20 to 30 mins and she should go to sleep if she's tired. After I finished my chores, I went to get ready for bed. When I entered the room, my SIL was asleep. I laid down on my side of the bed and waited to fall asleep.. I found this odd because I'm someone who falls asleep quickly even on normal days.. and I was expecting to fall asleep right away as i was dead tired because of the wedding day festivities. </p> <p>However, a few mins later I started to experience a very <strong>uneasy feeling... palpitations, a feeling that someone's watching me.. someone's in the room.</strong> I remember being wide awake and thinking about all possible rational explanations for this feeling... I even looked over at my SIL but her back was turned away from me. The bed is pretty big and she was at the farthest end on the other side and this is an imp detail. I tried to calm myself and just attributed this to dehydration or hormonal issues (as I was taking OC pills then for delaying my periods). I opened up an e book on my phone and started reading which calmed me down considerably. After about 15 mins, I started feeling sleepy so I locked my phone and went to sleep. </p> <p>The next thing I remember is waking up with the same feeling and it was 5:03 am. I know the time because I checked my phone. Now it's important to know that <strong>this has never ever happened with me. I never wake up this early and especially when I have gone to bed late the previous night.</strong> I thought maybe I want to use the washroom but I didn't feel the urge at all. Just the uneasy creepy feeling again <strong>but like 10 times worse.</strong> And I'm not exaggerating this at all. The position now was that I was turned on my side facing her and she was turned to me too, eyes closed, not even an arm's length away. But i got the feeling that she's awake...Just her breathing pattern.. I knew it. She had her palm on my upper arm and i could feel her hand slipping down bit by bit which felt very <strong>'in control'</strong> and <strong>'intentional</strong>' and just 10 seconds later - she pinched me... Like a very small and fine pinch which lasted for 10 seconds. And because it was a fine pinch, it hurt me... I had tears in my eyes. But I was too terrified to even say or do anything.. I know this sounds very minor and petty and funny.. but i cannot explain the fear and terror I felt in that moment. I started praying.. feverently... I didn't move.. it was like a gut instinct.. I was on autopilot.. felt like my responses were already pre programmed and I wasn't in control of anything. A few seconds later her hand slipped down, after which she <strong>moved</strong> her hand to the side of her pillow. Again movements which felt too intentional 