<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>I realize how much of a shot in the dark this is, especially with how my own research into the property has turned up little, but I have to try.</p> <p>The McKriss Abattoir is one of the few properties around my area that no one seems to know about. Every old ruin could be tracked to some family line dying out or a redneck burning their house down by accident, but the abattoir is one of the few properties that seems to be older than the information about it.</p> <p>Everyone always remembered it being abandoned. A few of the older folks claim that it was operating when they were children, in the dreary days of the late 40s or early 50s, as the varying tales go. Operated by an eccentric immigrant Polish family, or an extremely religious Catholic family, or just a single old man, cutting away at meat like a lighthouse tender of flesh. No one could ever tell me for sure.</p> <p>These rumors spread to any bad events that occurred in any proximity. The abattoir enveloped all manner of disastrous rumors; every child or dog that disappeared was drawn into the bloodstained steel walls of McKriss, everyone claimed to hear the old meat saws still running in the dead of night, but very little evidence ever came up.</p> <p>The only credible case I could find, before my own, was a 7-year-old named Kennedy who was apparently found on the property after being missing for two days. He claimed he was asleep in his room when he woke up and a 'big pink monster' devoured him in one gulp, carrying him around for several days before vomiting him up in the old abattoir.</p> <p>Local police said that he had likely been kidnapped and stuffed inside the pig carcass that was found in one of the old stunning rooms, one that had its mouth stretched open and mangled, but never nailed down any suspects.</p> <p>Recently, it has become a dare to try and venture out into the woods where the old ruins lie, disturb the peaceful rest of the old butchery, and take a meat hook as a souvenir.</p> <p>Of course, I refused to back down from a dare when I was challenged by someone dangling a rusty meat hook in front of my face, and before I knew it, I was sneaking out into the woods, wrapped in several layers to keep the winter air out of my bones.</p> <p>The ruins were around a half-hour walk from my house, a slow descent into a deep gulley, making me feel like I was descending deep into an earthen throat. My flashlight bobbed like a ball bouncing downhill, barely illuminating the brambles and bushes that I had to shove aside.</p> <p>The woods were abnormally quiet as my feet crunched through bramble and twigs. It felt like the ocean where there are no fish, only an impression of something lurking beyond where you can see.</p> <p>As I was about fifteen minutes into my walk, I heard, off in the distance, a strange, high-pitched noise. It reminded me of something sharp being dragged against hard metal back and forth, an undulating, ear-ringing sound that made you wince. Like something being shredded and dying.</p> <p>I froze.</p> <p>The sound stopped. It only lasted for a few seconds, maybe.</p> <p>I considered turning back then, and god, I wish I did. At the moment, I rationalized it as some weird animal noise, as was common in the middle of the woods, and continued on my trek. By the time I got to the abattoir, it was a misty memory in my mind.</p> <p>The building itself was much bigger than I thought. It looked more like a giant abandoned warehouse, rust and vines creeping up and down, making it look like the building was a massive scab jutting out of one of Earth's wounds. On the side of the building, the words 'McKriss Abattoir' were still legible in a plain industrial font, alongside a cartoon pig holding up a cleaver. A plate was stuck in the middle of the pig's neck, making it look like he was serving his head on a platter.</p> <p>All while the teeth of the pig, cartoonishly human, shone a brilliant white even after all of this time.</p> <p>I shivered before looping around the front of the building. As I went around, I noted how few doors there were in the building itself. One in the back, and one in the front, with no sliding garage doors or side doors to bring product or livestock in. As I reached the front, this thought combined with my realization that I could see no road leading to the building itself.</p> <p>Then, I heard it again, off in the woods where I came from. That screeching seemed quieter, but not farther away. This time it lasted for a few seconds, being followed up by the crunching of leaves and sticks underneath the tread. Very far off in the distance, but still too close to be comfortable. My rationalization now felt a little less secure.</p> <p>Spurred on by fear, I went inside.</p> <p>The first thing I noticed was the smell: sickly sweet like fruit had been left out for the flies and maggots to help putrefy, along with the mold and decay. It smelled like every roadkill I had ever seen had been thrown into a pile and then covered in out-of-date honey. I gagged, the aroma overpowering my senses and temporarily blinding me as I covered my mouth with my jacket sleeve.</p> <p>The first room was some sort of lobby, with chairs strewn about the room and piled up against a window that led to some sort of office. Next to the window was a door, metal and rusted, with a sign reading &quot;Processing Floor&quot; above it.</p> <p>Next to the door, the happy platter pig was painted onto the wall, holding a plate of himself cartoonishly. His eyes were graffitied into pentagrams, a big swirly mustache was put above his lips, and the words &quot;We Are Legion&quot; were put into a quote bubble that looked like it used to say, &quot;The Best Meat In Town.&quot;</p> <p>By this point, I was thoroughly creeped out and grossed out, and wanted this dare to be done as quickly as possible, so I opened the door leading to the processing plant.</p> <p>To my surprise, it was a simple hallway, sheet