<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>A light tapping on the rainfly coaxed me from sleep. Small animal, maybe a mouse, on the roof. Maybe the gentle beginnings of a mountain rain. My eyes blinked, closed again, then reopened, too dark to make a difference. The gentle patter stopped, and I turned in my bag to return to sleep, when the sound of ripping nylon from the door of the tent froze me in place. </p> <p>“Wha-” Jack exclaimed beside me, half choking in sleep, before I felt his bag’s friction against mine, felt him move in his cocoon, and felt him ripped through the hole in the tent. </p> <p>“ENNIS!” He yelled, panic mashed with fear and bewilderment. He yelled again, an incoherent scream over the sound of crackling dried grass and rocks, the sound carried away with him. </p> <p>I sat up, desperately fumbling for a headlamp, a flashlight, something, but it was dark, so terribly dark, and my trembling hands plodded empty space on the tent’s floor and Jack’s sleeping pad, still warm from his body heat. </p> <p>“NO NO NO!” His voice, awake now, fully awake, pleading and high pitched, “ENNI-” and he screamed. I’ll never forget that scream, I’ll never stop hearing that scream, it fills my ears in moments of silence, and the last few moments of wake, it accompanies the alarm clock first thing in the morning, and the dull thu-thunk of the Netflix screen, of my car’s seat belt warning, and my manager’s disappointed tones. How it grew, high terror, to pain, dropping octaves mid-note, becoming wet, expulsionary. Animal. And then the sound of meat ripping. Of tissues of muscle and sinew and bone torn, like ripping a flap of a nylon tent. </p> <p>And then it was silent. So still outside. So peaceful. The night unaware, or uncaring of what had happened. </p> <p>What <em>had</em> happened? Thin mountain air filled my lungs, drawn by rapid and shallow breaths, desperate to feed a heart running at wind sprint speed. But I held my breath, willing the pounding my ears to silence itself, yearning for any sound, any input. </p> <p>“Ja…Jack?” My shout barely whispered from the back of my throat.</p> <p>“HA HA!” From somewhere around Jack’s direction. Mockingly playful.</p> <p>“Hey-” I began, but interrupted. A hiss of air of something traveling toward me, something thrown or flying. The something hit me squarely in the chest, lightly.</p> <p>My legs kicked in my bag, mind frozen on what it was, images of spiders, or bats, rabid squirrels, snakes, filling my heat, and I kicked, feeling the bursting zipper of the bag, and I wiggled and thrashed, squirming to get free. </p> <p><em>Hiss. Thwack.</em></p> <p>A light impact, this time on my forehead, and I felt the almost feathery sharpness of whatever it was.</p> <p>“HA HA!” Again from Jack’s location.</p> <p><em>Hiss. Thwack.</em></p> <p>Another impact in the darkness against my chest. And more laughter, turning to a giggle in the distance. I felt the object fall into my lap, and I grabbed it, prepared to crush it, or cast it away before it could bite or claw or sting me. My hand wrapped around it and…</p> <p>A pine cone? My other hand joined the first, rolling it between them, feeling the ridges and sharp tips, the folds.</p> <p>“Jack? This isn’t funny!” I yelled. Confusion adding to the fear.</p> <p>“AHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA!” Belly laughter, eye watering.</p> <p>I dropped the pine cone and felt for a light source. Hands and knees on the floor of the tent, feeling through my ruined sleeping bag and my pack, my boots.</p> <p><em>Thwack.</em></p> <p>Without warning, something heavy flew through the air and hit me on the shoulder. Too heavy for a pine cone, soft, yet pointy. It landed like a wet mop and dropped to my hand below me. Without thinking, I grabbed it, my fingers wrapping around cooling dead fingers. A rubber wedding ring around one of them. A thumb, and palm, and a wrist wet with blood and exposed muscle and a shattered bone. Jack. Oh my god, Jack.</p> <p>“HAHAHAHAAHAHAAHAHAHAH!” Gasping cackles, uncontrolled joy from outside. </p> <p>I bolted to my feet and rushed through the torn opening of the tent, blind to the night, I turned the direction of the laughter and ran. Ran barefoot over rocks, and sticks, ran into subalpine fir branches, and into small animal holes. The laughter continued. Laughing, laughing, mocking, amusing joy. So dark. So dark tonight, I thought, no moon, no stars, no North Star to guide me, so dark. </p> <p>I felt the ground descend, felt elevation change pitch downward, and my leg slipped, tumbling down, falling, then rolling.</p> <p>“HAHAH HAHA HAHAH HAAAAAAAAA!” Rolling inhales and exhales, elation.</p> <p>A bowl of a big Doug Fir halted my roll and I struggled to breathe, wind knocked out, keenly aware of a hundred cuts in my feet, or perhaps one big one, of my arms and back scraped by rocks, and dirt embedded into my skin.</p> <p>And the laughter stopped. From the center of the edges of the horizon, the dark faded, stars appearing one by one, as if a sheet was being pulled away, a curtain lifted. Moonlight. Trees below me. Dozens of ridges in front of me in the distance. The song of crickets and a gentle night breeze. </p> <p>Elk hunters found me the next morning. I'd made it ten miles from our camp, barefoot and in only boxers, dehydrated, sick from blood loss and madness, holding only Jack’s hand for explanation.</p> <p>I told you all that, so I can say this. It’s taken me time to get over this, therapy, pills, drink, but the more time I tell the story, the more people I let know about it, the funnier it gets, you know? Jack’s final scream, hehe, you know, something you look back, and haha, laugh about.</p> </div><!-- SC_ON --> &#32; submitted by &#32; <a href="https://www.reddit.com/user/vhs_sold_blank"> /u/vhs_sold_blank </a> <br /> <span><a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/1uho4js/well_laugh_about_this_camping_trip_one_day/">[link]</a></span> &#32; <span><a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/1uho4js/