<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>Today marks the anniversary of Mickey’s death, and I can't hold it all inside anymore. I need to come clean. Not just about what happened that night, but about everything: every unconfessed mistake and every bitter failure. That’s why <em>it's</em> tormenting me, after all. The shape in the sky is drawn to my guilt. Every night, it's there, hovering past my bedroom window or swirling in the darkness above the treetops, begging me to acknowledge the heartless shit I've done, and finally, here I am.</p> <p>I'm ready to confess.</p> <p>Fresh out of high school, I scrapped my college plans and got hired as a night security guard. The job didn’t pay well, and it certainly didn’t make my parents proud, but it was low-stress and that’s all I cared about. There was never any trouble. What sane person would leave a warm bed to break into a rubber factory?</p> <p>Mickey, a burly Irishman about ten years my senior, onboarded me. For how much time we spent together, it was astonishing how little we knew about each other. The man wasn’t a born conversationalist. If he hadn’t come back from his honeymoon with a vicious, lobster-red sunburn, I doubt he would have told me about the wedding. Honestly, I was happy with the professional distance. Mickey was a laid-back guy who didn't expect much from me. No expectations meant no pressure. God knows I don't work well under pressure.</p> <p>Our last night together was certainly no exception. </p> <p>It was after midnight. We were doing our rounds, strolling through the dimly lit parking lot. Mickey was lagging a few feet behind me, chowing down on an oversized gas station hoagie. Crickets chirped in the pines that surrounded the factory. There was a sudden <em>clack</em>. The hazy beam from his flashlight stopped bobbing along the asphalt. Took me a few seconds to realize something was wrong. </p> <p>I turned around. </p> <p>He was wobbling in place, clawing at his neck and chest, skin paler than the moon, lips tinted this nightmarish blue-gray. The half-eaten sandwich lay scattered at his feet. He was choking. I <em>knew</em> he was choking, and I’d been taught what to do: get behind him, wrap my arms around his belly, and thrust. Just as I was about to help, a familiar dread began crawling across my skin, and my brain erupted with fitful static. </p> <p>The specter of doubt was creeping in.</p> <p>Was I <em>sure</em> I knew what to do? What if I made a mistake? Should I thrust in <em>and</em> up or just in? Did I remember all the steps? Was I supposed to reach into his mouth and try to remove the blockage first? And while those asinine questions left me paralyzed, I just stared at the dying man. Fear was making a mess of his face. Bulging eyes. Sharp creases. Quiet, contorted terror. </p> <p>The light left him. </p> <p>His body hit the asphalt with a rich, splintering <em>thud</em>. </p> <p>I didn’t move. </p> <p>Couldn’t tell you exactly how much time passed. It was more than enough to save him, I know that much. </p> <p>Eventually, autopilot kicked in. My legs started dragging me towards the factory. By the time my mind caught up to my muscles, I was already inside, dialing <em>9-1-1</em> on the break room’s rotary telephone. The dispatcher claimed we were lucky; an ambulance happened to be passing by our otherwise remote location at that very moment. As I sprinted back outside, I told myself everything was going to be OK. Mickey and I were the only people there. The cameras shouldn’t have recorded his death; we’d been too far from the building when he started choking. I could sell them any story I wanted to. No one had to know how badly I fucked up.</p> <p>Red lights flickered on the horizon. I was so captivated by relief that I nearly tripped over his corpse, looking down with just enough time to skid to a stop. That’s when I noticed it: something on his wrist was glinting against the approaching light. I bent over. It was the silver strap of some cheap watch. Tiny flecks of glass were scattered around where the watch face had been pulverized between his wrist and the asphalt. I perked my ears. I heard a distant siren, but no ticking. </p> <p>“No, no, no…” I whispered, furiously rotating the strap. The broken watch read <em>12:31 AM;</em> Mickey’s time of death immortalized. I checked my own watch. </p> <p>My heart plummeted.</p> <p><em>1:22 AM</em>. </p> <p>I could practically hear the police officer asking, <em>“What kind of person waits a whole fifty minutes before phoning for help?”</em></p> <p>The wailing of the sirens grew louder.</p> <p>The flashing lights were closing in. </p> <p>Instinct took over. </p> <p>I ripped the watch from his wrist and shoved it into my pocket. </p> <p>The ambulance screeched to a halt. EMS leaped from the vehicle, asking what happened as they attempted to resuscitate the long-dead Mickey, and I played my part. I told them he choked and that I’d done everything I could. They lifted the cadaver onto a gurney, carted him into the waiting ambulance, and sped away. </p> <p>A few seconds later, I bolted to my car. </p> <p>I rolled down the windows and floored the accelerator. Wind tore through the vehicle as I shot onto the interstate, cold air stinging me awake. I weighed my options. I could bury the watch, or keep it, or toss it into one of Missouri’s endless landfills. In the end, though, I knew exactly where it belonged.</p> <p>It belonged at the bottom of the reservoir my Grandpa had built behind his mansion, with all the other broken things. </p> <p>Years had passed since I’d last set foot on the property. I parked along a ditch. A single paved footpath connected the dirt road to the boarded-up estate. Painful energy seemed to radiate from the dilapidated structure; felt like I had a migraine coming on as I walked along the edge of the property, navigating the cluttered mass of pines and white oaks, until I reached a clearing and the musty stench of decaying algae confirmed I’d arrive