<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>A lot of people wonder why I don’t carry around a smartphone. It’s a strange thing not to have. I still have a phone, it’s just that it’s a very basic model and I only use if for calls or texts. I’m not even that old. Most figure I’m some kind of technophobe, but it’s something different. My wife rolls her eyes every time she sees me making a call with it. She calls it my ‘comfort brick’. Meanwhile, she’s checking out life hacks on TikTok.</p> <p>I’ve tried telling her about why I am this way a couple of times, but it’s been hard to put into words. So, in an effort to collect my thoughts, I’d like to tell the world about what happened to me a couple of years ago. And, to an extent, what is happening still.</p> <p> </p> <p>I was working on my master’s degree, but I was having a hard time finding something to write a paper about. I couldn’t come up with a good subject, and time was running out. I managed to get a deadline extension, but only if I could present a suitable subject. I was about to give up when one of my professors suggested I talked to a man working in the private sector. He was a licensed physician who’d gone into private enterprise, but he was sure to have something interesting going on. I got in touch with him, and he asked me to come in the same day. Let’s call him Solomon.</p> <p>Solomon and his team were working out of an honest to God laboratory. Most of their work revolved around medical hardware, so they had sterile white rooms to protect sensitive electronics.</p> <p>Solomon was about 6’6 and balder than a bowling ball. He towered over his workers and had a very soft demeanor. He would calmly shake my hand and nod as I presented myself. I got the impression that he was a kind man. You notice that sort of thing.</p> <p>As I explained my situation, he made a suggestion.</p> <p>“I’m working on a project called LIS. I can’t share all the production details, but we collect a lot of data related to sleep. I could share that data for your paper.”</p> <p>That was amazing news. I could easily do a study with that kind of data to back me up.</p> <p> </p> <p>I was scheduled to help Solomon and his team to collect test subject for his LIS project. It was simple enough; people were supposed to take a supplement before they went to sleep and use a headband to record their experience. Didn’t matter if they slept long, short, or barely anything at all; data was data. This was bulk collection. They’d already gone through about 20 iterations of the project, so this would be the 21<sup>st</sup> generation. I wasn’t allowed to take part in the earlier versions, but I was going to get full access to the generation 21 bulk data. That would be more than enough to cover a master’s study on a related subject.</p> <p>I put up some posters around campus, and it didn’t take long for people to sign up. A lot of folks wanted to get their foot in the door of the private sector. Having Solomon’s name on a CV could be more valuable than a quick payout, but they still got a symbolic sum as compensation for their trouble. As submissions started to roll in, Solomon brought something up;</p> <p>“Why don’t you participate?” he said. “You could critique our methodology. We could separate your data if you think it would invalidate overall results, but I think it’d grant some valuable insight.”</p> <p>“You sure that’d be appropriate?”</p> <p>“Of course,” he smiled. “You’re already part of this, might as well get your hands dirty.”</p> <p>I had a hard time saying no. I wanted to, but I couldn’t. So yeah, I signed up too.</p> <p> </p> <p>We ended up with 14 people in total. Some were medical students, others were dentists. There were even a couple of veterinarians. They were all invited in for a short presentation about the study and the various items they would be using. We were pressed into a cramped meeting room around an oval table with a projector showing an out-of-focus presentation on a sun-stained canvas.</p> <p>“Collection takes place over two weeks,” Solomon explained, pointing to a calendar on the screen. “This allows us to account for irregularities. No worries if you miss a day or two, we’ve taken that into account.”</p> <p>He showed us the items again. There was a headband that was used to record our sleep. It looked like something an 80’s tennis player might use. There was a cable to charge it during the day. The other item was a small bottle of gel capsules.</p> <p>“This is a supplement to help us better record your experience. It does little to affect your sleep. We <em>must</em> insist that you take one about ten minutes before you go to bed. Twenty minutes if you had a big meal. Don’t bite down on it, or your mouth will taste like really crunchy salt. If you don’t take it, don’t bother with the headband, the data will be useless.”</p> <p>It was a nondescript bottle, CMP5. It had a printed list of known side effects, but they were so generic that it might as well have been ibuprofen. There wasn’t much more to it. We all got our kits, headed home, and that was that. I started working on my paper, charged the headband, and went on as usual.</p> <p> </p> <p>When it was time to go to bed, I did as instructed. I took a capsule, I put the headband on, and set my alarm. The headband was surprisingly comfortable. It even had a massage and heat setting. It had a thicker side, meaning you could turn it slightly and use it as a sleep mask. That suited me perfectly, as I’d wanted one for a long time. I figured I’d ask Solomon if I could keep it when the study was over. Maybe in lieu of pay. The damn thing probably had Bluetooth speakers for white noise if I bothered to check.</p> <p>Going to sleep was surprisingly easy. I felt at peace, I had my alarm set, and there was no disruption. No loud noises, no background hum. Just the slight saltiness of the capsule on my tongue.</p> <p>What’s stayed with me all these years is what I dreamt on that first night. It was one of 