<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>A few months ago, I (32M) moved to a small town in Nebraska. I won't lie and say that it's a glamorous place to live, but the community here has been welcoming, and there's great beauty to be found in my area's many canyons, caves, and prairies. </p> <p>My eight-year-old Westie, Francis Crozier, immediately took a liking to the place. We've only been here for half a year, but I've already taken him on all sorts of adventures, from Toadstool to Chimney Rock. People don't generally think of West Highland Terriers as great adventure dogs, but they're an intelligent and tough little breed, and Francis is as brave as they come. </p> <p>Last weekend, I took Francis to explore a new walking path: a dirt trail at the southern edge of our town, bordered on one side by a quiet road and on the other by wide open grasslands. We went early in the morning to beat the heat. Francis walked off leash, as he usually does. I admired the sight of the prairie as we made our way down the trail, how the greenery extended as far as the eye could see and met the blue sky in a neat line. </p> <p>After walking for twenty minutes, the short grass beside us abruptly gave way to a dense stretch of big bluestem, rising eight-feet high in a broad sweep—maybe twenty yards across and fifty deep. The perimeter was so cleanly defined that I wondered if it had been established by human hands. Francis and I walked beside the tall grass for a few steps, and then my companion abruptly stopped. </p> <p>I paused, waiting for him to either do his business or investigate whatever had caught his eye, but Francis remained stock-still. He had his hackles raised and his tail held parallel to the ground. He wasn't growling nor whimpering, but there was a tension in his posture that made me nervous. I quickly reached down to attach his leash on the off chance that he was about to bolt, then tried to follow the line of his gaze into the field beside us. </p> <p>The grass was tall enough to obscure most animals smaller than a bison. Francis could have smelled either a critter like a meerkat or a predator like a fox. Deciding not to take my chances with the latter, I bent down to scoop Francis into my arms. </p> <p>&quot;Sorry, cap'n.&quot; I told him. I hate carrying him; it's an undignified experience for the both of us, but getting eaten is arguably much more embarrassing. He acquiesced at first, but the second I continued down the path, Francis started fighting me, thrashing around and gnashing his teeth. </p> <p>&quot;Alright, damn! We'll go home then.&quot; </p> <p>I turned and began walking back the way we came. Sure enough, he quieted down immediately. Clearly, there was something in the field that he didn't like, but every time I looked over my shoulder, the grass was still. Whatever Francis had picked up on, I neither saw nor heard any hint of it. </p> <p>Days later, I had my neighbor Connor over. He and his deaf golden retriever, Beethoven, are two of the best friends I've made since moving here. After dinner, Connor often walks over to drink beer on my porch and watch the sunset while our dogs race each other around my front yard. It's become a ritual I look forward to daily, especially now in the easy warmth of early summer. </p> <p>Connor adopted Beethoven from a shelter not long after I met him. She (yes, he named his deaf, female dog &quot;Beethoven&quot;) is a sweet-tempered dog, but she's skittish as all Hell, probably as a result of poor treatment by her former owners. Living with Connor seems to have helped, but she still has her occasional bouts of panic. That evening, a gentle gust of wind blew a twig into her hind leg. I watched from the porch as she tucked her tail, whipped around, and barked fearfully at nothing until Connor beckoned her. She came bounding over to the porch, and as she calmed down in her owner's lap like a dog one-quarter of her size, I was reminded of Francis' uncharacteristic terror during our walk. I told Connor about it, thinking that he, as the local between us, might have some insight.</p> <p>&quot;I know the exact field you're talking about,&quot; he told me once I'd finished. &quot;It's been a local mystery for a few months now. A buncha people say they've tried to walk their dogs past that field, but something in the grass freaks them out.&quot;</p> <p>&quot;Do you think there's an animal living in there? That grass is definitely tall enough to hide a coyote or something.&quot;</p> <p>&quot;I used to think so, but just a few weeks ago, I took my one-year-old niece on that trail in a baby jogger. Once we got to that crop of bluestem, she started screaming her head off, completely unprompted. I can understand a dog sensing a predator nearby, but a baby? I dunno. It was weird.&quot;</p> <p>He went silent for a minute, patting Beethoven contemplatively before an idea seemed to strike him. </p> <p>&quot;Hey, you walked up on it from the East, right? Let's go down there tomorrow and approach it from the West. See when Francis starts to get nervous from that side.&quot;</p> <p>I accepted Connor's proposal, though I made sure to bring my Ruger with me the following morning. I didn't think I'd have to use it, but I figured better safe than sorry. </p> <p>I drove out to the edge of town and met Connor on the Western trailhead. It took us a little longer to get to the field from this side, maybe half an hour, but eventually that tall grass came into view and Connor and I both went silent to watch Francis. He trotted along, happy as ever, until the start of the bluestem, at which point he stopped. His posture shifted, head turning slowly toward the grass. The thin green strands waved slightly in the modest breeze, but again I could see no indication of an animal making its way through the stalks, nor did I hear anything that resembled footsteps. </p> <p>&quot;Interesting.&quot; Connor remarked. He squinted down toward the end of the field, trying to estimate the remai